Mention word mark in README (#13685)
TeamNewPipe/NewPipe: README.md

> <b>THIS APP IS IN BETA, SO YOU MAY ENCOUNTER BUGS. IF YOU DO, OPEN AN ISSUE IN OUR GITHUB REPOSITORY BY FILLING OUT THE ISSUE TEMPLATE.</b>
> 
> <b>PUTTING NEWPIPE, OR ANY FORK OF IT, INTO THE GOOGLE PLAY STORE VIOLATES THEIR TERMS AND CONDITIONS.</b>
>

> > <b>"NewPipe" IS A REGISTERED WORD MARK SUBJECT TO [ITS TRADEMARK POLICY](https://newpipe-ev.de/policy/trademark/). INFINGING APPLICATIONS ARE NOT TOLERATED.</b>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <b>"NewPipe" IS A REGISTERED WORD MARK SUBJECT TO [ITS TRADEMARK POLICY](https://newpipe-ev.de/policy/trademark/). INFINGING APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE TOLERATED.</b>
```
